on the galaxy s 6 and the sensor
digital printing has been enhanced to
register and start using it between
applications and go to
block screen and security in personnel
here and access the fingerprint and
safety
now touch add print
digital
when you add your fingerprint to the
the first time it will be necessary to accept
terms and conditions
so start by putting your finger on the
start and raise do it several
times from different angles and points
so that the device can identify the
maximum of your digital
thus increasing accuracy as soon as
complete the digital registration process
you will need to create a dbk password this
password is important because it will be the only
way to unlock your device without
use of digital therefore in itself a password
which you might remember or at night in
someplace safe
after entering the password confirmed again
and touch
now the machine will ask you if you
want to enable the screen lock by
touch to activate it on your
device is already configured
See how fast you do not even have to
even connect until simply press the
start button quickly and release the
device will unlock to return to
the settings to digital the device
now ask your digital to access
this area here you can add
other fingerprints for
unlock the device
so you can unlock the device
with other fingers or register other
people to get access to your galaxy s
6 this function and ask if you
want to save the password for the sites you
trying to access will just populate them
if you insert your digital
thus changing the need to type
your password by just touching your finger on the
start screen
below you can also activate the
verification
the samsung account by digital but for
this will need to be confirmed again
just so you do not need it
plus enter the password for your account
samsung to confirm it again
just use digital
another very useful function is to edit
touching edit here you can select
a digital fingerprint and renamed to
keep track of which digital
are registered very useful for
register the impressions of other
people in maintaining control over which
are yours
here you can also exclude
fingerprints
it is enough to relate it and to remove
and confirm the removal if you delete
all fingerprints
the shape moved back to slide